fix(blog)Update 100DaysOfGatsby challenge 7 description (#21436)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/blog/100days/pwa/index.md

title: Challenge 7 - Turn Your Gatsby Site into a Progressive Web App
date: 2020-02-12
author: "Hashim Warren"

> excerpt: "Learn how to make your Gatsby site work poor internet service and offline"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: "Learn how to make your Gatsby site work with poor internet service or offline"
```
